feat: index a model on multiple indexes (#56)
WTTJ/algoliax: README.md

end
```

#### Multiple indexes

It's possible to define multiple indexes for a same model.

> To do this just specify an array of index names, or in your `index_name/0` runtime function, return an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, just specify an array of index names, or simply return an array in your `index_name/0` runtime function
```

  ]
```

> If the main index holds multiple indexes, for an index per language for example, replicas needs to hold the same amount of names.

Author: I'm adding this, good point 👍
